c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\PrimeNumbersActor.exe.config
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\PrimeNumbersActor.exe
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\PrimeNumbersActor.pdb
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Actors.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.Strings.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\PrimeNumbersActor.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\ServiceFabricServiceModel.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Strings.dll
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\PrimeNumbersActor.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Actors.xml
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.xml
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.xml
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.xml
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\obj\x64\Debug\PrimeNumbersActor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\obj\x64\Debug\PrimeNumbersActor.exe
c:\users\farhad.taran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrimeNumbers\PrimeNumbersActor\obj\x64\Debug\PrimeNumbersActor.pdb
